build: add a CMake based build for Atomics (#25)
apple/swift-atomics: CMakeLists.txt

#[[
This source file is part of the Swift Atomics Open Source Project

> Copyright (c) 2020 Apple Inc. and the Swift Numerics project authors

Reviewer: For consistency, I believe this should read:

```suggestion
Copyright (c) 2021 Apple Inc. and the Swift project authors
```
